And this we do unexplainable template classes C++ programming support genetic functions and the genetic
glosses genetic functions automatic big functions and plus Assad template classes it functions I'm not
explaining them separately I'm explaining Jedi classes that include generic function also.
So already I have an example glossary done here.
First I will explain that example class.
Then I'll show you what does it mean by genetic and I will convert it into a genetic class.
Let us look at the class.
Here is a class called a comic and to determine was a and b integer type that does a constructor Guster
it sticking to two parameters just again the bottom with the names I have to come see him name and B.
So these are the class members and these are the parameters.
So we call this as this a or this b and d up but I mean just a B then I have just two simple functions
for adding those two numbers and eight on that other and subtracting those two numbers not a thing.
So there's a simple automatic class plate so so that we can focus on the template.
Not next here I have implemented all these functions outside the class using scope resolution all designed
of glass.
But if you look at this first as a constructor automatic integer a B so a b are about I make us and
this A B are D AP So Ruby sunshade between them no other names are same so we have to set this gaps
a Anderson gaps b because this is a pointer to the current object.
The same object.
So how do we use this at 0 8.
And this will be this.
This is a and this is B and D.
What better make us not next decide the function does it subtract function using class name and scope
resolution.
So just look at the plus one.
So you must be familiar with this already in the previous we do have explained you hold water to glass
everything I'm explaining does adding understanding this is subtracting and B and I think both these
functions identically accessing the members.
Now let us talk about generic classes for understanding that first of all let us look at the class.
This automatic class is performing automatic opportunity to try and subtraction on integer type of data.
What about float type of data.
If I want to use long and order if I want to use a double then what.
So for them this gloss in the notebook I have to write a separate class for it.
Yes.
So I should write a separate class for again floating point type of data on performing it ultimately
official level.
Do different classes just for a change of data type but all operations are same real performing same
thing for addition and subtraction.
Show that I've done the class no C++ says that you can use the same class for multiple data types at
I time you can use only one day a time so it works for any type of data.
So for any type of data it is called as a generic class and that is defined as a template.
So no let us convert this class as a generic class using template so I will just write on the chord
it is just like sprinkling some gourd inside this one.
I think something more extra to make it as genetic.
So how do you change the existing class into a generic class.
I'm explaining that one and this is what I have followed in my course.
I have done the class than they made it as a generic plus let us convert the simple generic.
So first of all this plus the body of the classes starts and ends here so they don't end click on the
top.
So C complete class B in Angola brackets so C Class B.
This is complete now that the effect of that template will start from here and ends here.
So the class became template and that variable generic radio velocity right now Richard Bob you want
to make it as a generic these data inverse so Gundam as it be means no date or type genetic code the
Dark Knight whatever the data type be one you can make that guitar type so pick and become Integer key
can become flawed or can become double anything.
Now coming into this automatic bottom eaters What are these.
This relevant story here.
This relevant story.
So what does the data type of this be.
So what should be the data type of this that also.
D OK change it to be defaults or B so you have to check it will leave each one will be a complete don't
write every reiterated what you find in desert B whichever should become you have to find out not gonna
change it then I will add two numbers integers absolute depending on these type so what did Fuller done
that has it if they are indeed ever there will be integer if they are flawed if it will be flawed.
So this should also be B.
And similarly this should also be B.
So I have made all changes that are required for making it as a template.
Now next the effect of template ends here.
Nor does the body of a function.
What about this.
This is a constructor belonging to this class.
So class is a template for function also becomes template.
So yes I write on template once again here.
Why.
Because this has finished here.
So again I don't.
So that it can start in and he had start from this line and end here.
So they don't template class t template class D class E.
So if you observe here these are made in the MSD so these on civil liberty.
These are template type template type.
Now one more thing this class is a template class so remember whenever you use the class name you try
to pass a template that I made there.
So here I am using the class name as a part of scope resolution.
So here I should write on B in brackets then write scope resolution does the change you have to do every
voter.
Very very very very thing.
That last name you must have boss temper desk parameter.
Otherwise you pass a day night that inside the function.
There are no more changes.
No genius at all.
Not coming up with this.
See this template has finished here that I can I should define a template here.
So again the right template glossy t template class t that this class name automatic is a template.
So it must be done like this then there on the bottom it does limit what is the return type of change
it to be.
So change it to be that these two are outdated.
These two I did result of stored in C.
So what should be the type of C.
Same as their type.
So C should also be D.
Yes the results of B C in my code almost verbatim what I have declared data type variable name.
Everything is changing pretty but it may not be true Always remember this one.
So you have to observe and change it we what should be change on the index when you change it not this
ends.
Again for this I should write on a template class template.
Class B
then here for the class I should write B here and skip resolution on this also I should change so that
solving this class has a change to a template class.
No I relied on the main function.
I will use this template class.
So just let us write a mean function.
So here in main function normal for the main function.
I'm creating an object of automatic automatic
automatic object an object name as a no automatic as a template.
So very type of data on what you want integer float double.
Which one.
So here along with the class name I should write on the date type in.
So now this object I've been gone it does a ah I have positive values 10 comma 5.
Now this ultimate class in every way really what I have written D.
That will be replaced by.
And this class becomes a pure integer class so this work for integer type data these variables become
integer that return types become integer.
This bottom goes integer.
Everything becomes integer.
Now these 10 and five other integer values.
If I want the result I can say it c out I think I'd call that function and it will give me the integer
additional these two numbers.
Now if I want the fluid clause then again make out the object of this and give a bottom and devise a
flawed.
And here I will give it does a lot of one on positive bottom meters like a one point five and one point
two.
These are the float values.
Now see out a out of one dot I.
This will give me additional these two float numbers right because the bottom of that is fluid right
near the bottom and that is integer type.
So here the object will be integer that he added will float for this one.
Everything will become fluid.
That is what I have written P that going to become float.
So it means the same classes working as a float on sort integer also.
So I don't have to write on two different classes.
It works for any date or type.
So whichever date or type you want you can have to mention it as a template so that's a complete plus
so you can practice this one.
So I have covered all the required concept of C and C++ programming that I'm using in my codes.
So once you have finished this you can start learning the course.
You can start the topics of data structures and the next section as about installation or set up required
for writing C C++ programs for data structures.
So if you already have the set up and you are already familiar you can skip that section and again start
with the actual topics of data structures so that song I have covered all the topics that are used in
my course.
So if you are familiar with this then you can smoothly understand of course.
So hope you will get a lot of benefit from the course.
Spend enough time on each topic and practice the programs that fall into senior.